
NOTES ON EVALUATING JAVA ACCESSIBILITY

While you evaluate this release of the Java Accessibility Utilties, please 
keep a few things in mind:

- There are known problems (see below).
- Even if you can't use the API, we still want your feedback on it.

This file aims to help you give us meaningful feedback and avoid
wasting your time on stuff that we already know is broken.  It has these
sections:

Please Don't Tell Us    
	Lists stuff that might or might not work properly, but that we 
	aren't currently seeking feedback on.

Known Problems
	Lists problems we are working on.

How to Give Feedback
	The e-mail address to use, and what to put in bug reports.

-------------
PLEASE DON'T TELL US
-------------

THINGS WE ALREADY KNOW ABOUT
Please read the KNOWN PROBLEMS section in this file for information
about bugs and problems we already know about.  Since we already know
about them, there's no need to remind us they are there.

-------------
KNOWN PROBLEMS
-------------

There are no known problems with the Java Accessibility API.

The split pane in the Monkey example cannot be adjusted if the
Ferret example is running at the same time.

Under Motif if you have "click-to-activate" set, you may need to
move your mouse into the Java application you launched in order to
get the assistive technologies to come up (their guiInitialized() method
isn't getting called until that first mouse event occurs).

--------------------
HOW TO GIVE FEEDBACK
--------------------
Please send your feedback to this e-mail address:

	access@sun.com

If you've found a bug, you can help us greatly by including the
following information in your e-mail:

- A program or code snippet that shows the problem.

- The platform you're using.

- The setting of your CLASSPATH environment variable.

- A backtrace, if appropriate.  This will tell us what the program is
  doing when the bug occurs. To generate a backtrace, do this:
  
  1. Go to the shell window in which you entered the 'java' command.

  2. Make sure it has the keyboard focus and that the interpreter
     ('java' command) isn't a background process.

  3. Enter the appropriate character:

         Control-\		(Solaris)
         Control-Break		(Win 95/NT)

  4. A bunch of text should be displayed in the window.  Please
     put a copy of it into your e-mail.
	
